DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-support/ed-fi-credentialing.md

# Ed-Fi Credentialing

Ed-Fi has two different types of credentials, Certifications and Badges.  

## Certifications

Ed-Fi certifications allow:

* Product developers to demonstrate a product's fidelity to Ed-Fi standards and guidelines
* Purchasers and users to be confident that a product conforms to those same Ed-Fi standards and guidelines

The program's goal is to ensure that systems can interoperate and exchange data using Ed-Fi standards and technology.

Note: Certification is a test of the formal standards, but it also integrates and tests against best practice.

> [Learn more about Ed-Fi Certification](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EDFICERT/overview) and the [Best Practices](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EDFICERT/pages/23701513/Best+Practices)
> 
> ## Badges
> 
> Ed-Fi Badges allow product developers to demonstrate support for Ed-Fi standards and technology, particularly in areas that are not yet covered by an Ed-Fi Certification.
> 
> [Learn more about Ed-Fi Badges](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EDFIBADGE/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about Ed-Fi Certification](/partners/certification/) and the [Best Practices](/partners/certification/certification-for-data-providers/api-integration-best-practices)

## Badges

Ed-Fi Badges allow product developers to demonstrate support for Ed-Fi standards and technology, particularly in areas that are not yet covered by an Ed-Fi Certification.

[Learn more about Ed-Fi Badges](/partners/badging/).
```

Author: updated.
